=== COMMON MATERIALS ===
Artificed Dynamic Gear
Clockwork meka gear.\nPrecision processing and advancement of material science are the keys to clockwork meka development in Fontaine. With the help of advanced equipment, any engineer is capable of making a meka that outshines "Lord-Artificer" Alain Guillotin's creation.

Crystalline Cyst Dust
A huge lump of spore powder collected from a structurally complete spore cyst. Put it in an appropriate environment, and the area might be filled with a thriving aggregation of Floating Fungi later...

Energy Nectar
A thick and sticky honey that is full of energy.\nThe Whopperflower hunts by tricking its prey, a process it uses to possibly evolve into a more powerful and pure form.

Ethereal Crystalscale Stone
The remains of a Snezhnayan fae left behind after battle.\nA crystalline scale that once grew upon the fae's body. It is said that fae possessing a greater abundance of these scales command far greater power. Yet, none can say whether this magic truly originates from within their forms — merely channeled outward through the crystal chunks — or if the chunks themselves are the very vessels of their power.

Famed Handguard
An intricately-made handguard that was mounted upon a famed weapon.\nSome believe that swords have souls and lives of their own, and thus deserve their own names. Those who love their blades will be acknowledged by them in turn. But those who see their swords as friends or even lovers should be warned that this relationship is built on death and bloodshed. The passions of those who dance with their blade amid crimson showers must surely be cooled someday by fickle steel.

Forbidden Curse Scroll
A scroll inscribed with ancient images. It is said that few can decipher its meaning, and the few scholars that have all went mad.

Frost-Etched Warrant
A warrant issued to members of the Fatui Oprichniki.\nAdorned by a frost-colored crystal — a symbol of glory. One wonders what deeds its bearer must have performed to prove their loyalty and worth.

Golden Raven Insignia
A raven insignia that symbolizes the pride and the guiding principle of the Treasure Hoarders. Whether it's hidden amidst the vastness of the land or in the depths of the seas, as long as there are treasures to be hunted down, the spirit of Treasure Hoarders, who will stop at nothing to acquire them, will never die.

Lieutenant's Insignia
An insignia to identify officers. The Fatui possess a colossal army, so there must be something extraordinary about the ones who achieved this rank within the group.

Ominous Mask
A glossy bone mask with oil markings painted on it, meant to intimidate enemies.\nNo one really knows why hilichurls are so fascinated with masks. Some say that it's because they don't want to see their own reflections in the water.

Precision Drive Shaft
The drive shaft of a Landcruiser refined by the Design Bureau.\nOn the blueprints drawn by the engineers of the north, this unassuming part was once the flawless embodiment of glory and technological advancement, its small metal body encapsulating the wisdom of countless generations. Now it lies in the cold dirt, waiting to be recycled once more.

Prime Chimeric Nexus
The internal core harvested from aberrant man-made monsters.\nThe most complex core a man-made monster can possibly sustain, serving as an artificially engineered yet flawless seed of life. Whoever brought this creation into life has surely unlocked the very secrets of how life itself is shaped.

Rich Red Brocade
A piece of red brocade woven with golden thread.\nThose born in the gilded desert under the sun occasionally sing a song, of which the meaning has been forgotten. They would praise the scorching sun that illuminates the earth as equally as ever and bewail the afterglow at the end of the dusk. Some unfamiliar words recur at the end of the song, which are said to be the names of ancient gods. Legend has it that when the King of the Desert was still alive, his people chose to cover their eyes as they dared not look upon him, whose brilliance was beyond that of the sun.

Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle
Among Natlan's tribes, this is the symbol of a mighty, Saurian-Crowned warrior.\nA golden whistle that is bestowed only upon those who have won great honor for the tribe and shown valor of the highest order. Its symbolic significance now outweighs its practical use, for a Saurian-Crowned warrior is able to handle most crises alone.

Slime Concentrate
Concentrated slime essence. When left alone, it will begin to move on its own.

Spectral Nucleus
A complete energy core that can sometimes be found after defeating Specters.\nThere is a debate among those who just have to divide the world into winners and losers: what floats better — a Specter or an Anemo Slime?

Tyrant's Fang
A sharp tooth that fell from a mighty Natlan Saurian.\nIts serrated edge and fearsome shape attest to the ferocity of its owner in battle. Among the many Saurians of Natlan, one with such a tooth must have been a ruthless tyrant indeed.

Weathered Arrowhead
An old arrowhead coated in blood. The arrowhead has long since lost its sharpness and thus its use as a weapon.\nHowever, it represents the pride of a hunter and acts as both an amulet and a medal.

Xenochromatic Crystal
A large crystal obtained from a defeated Fontemer Aberrant.\nIt contains a mysterious energy.\nAll rivers and seas originate in Fontaine, but the water loses all its unique properties once it flows outside Fontaine's borders.

=== BOSS MATERIALS ===
"Tourbillon Device"
The core component of the Experimental Field Generator.\nA precision-machined mechanical component that counteracts the effects of gravity via high-speed rotation. The revolution speed is so fast that it is almost impossible to capture with the naked eye.\nThroughout its long history, the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering has always warred against a flood that once washed countless lives away, and may yet cover the earth and sky one day far in the future, searching for a means to survive.\nArkhium, with its immense energetic potential and power to shatter the shackles of the earth, was once considered the key to the gate of salvation.

Artificed Spare Clockwork Component — Coppelia
An artificed spare clockwork component belonging to Coppelia. It powers this artificed dancer.\nAccording to its creator's design, the story of the artificed dancer with delicate joints ends at a merry moment. Coppelia will send whoever attempts to disturb that moment to a chapter of misfortune with her superb combat skills.

Artificed Spare Clockwork Component — Coppelius
An artificed spare clockwork component belonging to Coppelius. It powers this artificed dancer.\nThe artificed dancer whirls to a platinum tune, performing an unending waltz of icewind. Coppelius's dance will not stop. He will continue whirling till the bell tolls.

Basalt Pillar
A pillar formed by the shell of a Geo Hypostasis, composed of high-density Geo energy.\nIt is a testament to Geo's status as the heaviest of the elements. Maybe the reason a Geo Hypostasis creates this pillar out of its shell and raises itself is just to get closer to the sky, not to combat enemies.

Cleansing Heart
A palmful of eternal water left by an oceanid.\nThough it has already diffused among the depths of the lake, its purity remains all the same. But why would a creature so pure and clean as an oceanid covet the appearance of a being that roams the land, and assume such a form with pure water? They need not breathe nor do they require sustenance...

Cloudseam Scale
Cold and solid scales from a Solitary Suanni. They retain pure adeptal energy even after falling off and cannot be damaged by ordinary weapons.\nOrdinary beasts can sometimes be affected by errant adeptal energy and become more powerful than usual. However, a suanni's adeptal energy originates from within themselves, which is why their leader is often regarded as equal to adepti.

Crystalline Bloom
An ice crystal of exceeding purity that is created in the frigid blooming of a Cryo Hypostasis.\nThese frosty crystals will continue to grow according to their own cold, rigid laws, till one day a flower of winter shall bloom and freeze everything. Perhaps it is stagnant time, that never-thawing bosom, that is the essence of this undying flower.

Cyclic Military Kuuvahki Core
A kuuvahki device obtained from the energy core after defeating the Super-Heavy Landrover: Mechanized Fortress.\nThe Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering once defined several ideal cycle patterns for elemental working substance engines. Regardless of the type, the most perfect number of cycles has consistently been four. Although most engineers from the Armory Palace and the Kuuvahki Experimental Design Bureau tend to regard kuuvahki as a working substance distinct from elemental energy, design configurations beyond the four-cycle paradigm have still been proven inefficient and impractical. In a certain sense, the "four"-cycle might be the world's peculiar preference. Although, the world may have no preference at all, and for the world, the habit of presumptuous mortals making self-satisfied conjectures could well be the strangest preference of all.

Dew of Repudiation
A strange water droplet left behind by the collapse of the Hydro Hypostasis.\nIt has strong rejection properties, and this forms the basis of one of the Hydro Hypostasis' attack patterns as well. They say that water contains memories and willpower, and that these things can grow when bodies of water meld together. However, the waves conjured by the Hydro Hypostasis are incompatible with the currents that flow above and below ground. Even if it were to flow into the surpassingly pure waters of Petrichor, this drop of water will likely resist assimilation as strongly as mercury.

Dragonheir's False Fin
A piece of biological tissue that you found after defeating the Bathysmal Vishaps.\nAlthough it looks like a fin of some kind, it does not actually have any function at all.\nThe people of Byakuyakoku once investigated the Bathysmal Vishaps quite deeply. Their most distinctive feature was the ability to choose what traits it wished to pass on to its offspring. Because of their great hatred for man-made light sources, these vishaps will lose any visual acuity by the time they reach maturity. At the same time, they have also evolved a certain degree of elemental polymorphism for combat purposes.

Emperor's Resolution
The war hammer of the Emperor of Fire and Iron.\nThe mighty crab has crushed countless foes with this giant claw. Be they clockwork meka, other Fontemer Aberrants, or hunters with ill-placed curiosity — all have yielded under its power.\nFontemer Aberrants are different from human beings in that the concepts of aristocracy or inheritance are entirely foreign to them. None of them are born superior. One that survives deadly predators and adversities can accumulate infinite power as it keeps hunting and feeding over centuries. Such a creature is often referred to as an overlord for the fear it inspires.

Ensnaring Gaze
An object obtained after defeating the monster known as the Tenebrous Papilla. It may look like a piece of fruit, but it is not.\nFormed from energy that has condensed in a single spot, its "eye" seems to gaze out from a distant, dark otherworld.

Everflame Seed
A seed that fuels the unending flames of the Pyro Regisvine. It emits Pyro energy as if it will burn all that has ever sprouted from the ground.\nEndless desires flow among turbulent energy deep within the earth. What desire could steadily hold such fire to the plants and long so eagerly to bathe everything in unquenchable flames?

Evergloom Ring
A mystical weapon obtained after defeating the Four-Armed Envoy of dark tidings.\nRings are shaped like passageways, which is why arcane formations that are meant to produce some mystical effect are often ring-shaped. Such rings are perhaps gateways intended to guide the universe itself.

Fontemer Unihorn
The electricity-emitting section of the Millennial Pearl Seahorse, and its regalia, the symbol of its surpassing might — now snapped off amidst a clash against a mighty challenger.\nAs the greatest predator that can arise from seahorses, this being's evolutionary journey is not the same as that experienced by other Fontemer Aberrants. It did not start from a base form before growing larger and stronger, but instead grew limbs and a horn that have no place on an ordinary seahorse. Even its musculature and skeleton have changed. It really seems to resemble a fantastical beast from legends of yore more than its original shape. In the imaginations of poets and authors, even seahorses can frolick upon the earth.

Fragment of a Golden Melody
A golden fragment that fell from the centaur golem's chest. Putting the tune inscribed upon the shattered rubble back together, it appears to be a small sliver of a grander musical movement.\nPeople once believed that the song of eternal happiness and harmony would resound throughout the world till the end of all destinies. But harmonies can be changed. When the rebellious God King fell from his throne, the imperishable capital was reduced to refuse and rubble — for whom, then, shall the lyre in the hands of a legion-less commander play?

Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core
This is a core component that separated from the body of a Secret Source Automaton: Configuration Device that lost its ability to move after being defeated.\nSome say that the cores that power all the Secret Source Automatons are the same type, and that they simply carry different information, as attested by the fact that the golden patterns on them are different. At first, the many commands were only added to the circuits to aid their smooth running, but it seems that all the superimposition and layering of orders onto one another has wound up creating a rudimentary artificial intelligence.

Hoarfrost Core
The exposed core of a defeated Cryo Regisvine. Pure Cryo energy is contained within it.\nEnergy and thoughts that swell deep within the earth will eventually erupt on the surface. Even the deathly silent frost will attach to living things on the ground, turning even ordinary vegetation like vines into huge, vicious predators.

Hurricane Seed
The imploded form of an Anemo Hypostasis upon its defeat.\nContains the essence of Anemo energy.\nIt is said that the power to create hurricanes resides within its seemingly fragile body. This butterfly of pure Anemo energy must surely be waiting for the day when it can conjure up storms once again.

Juvenile Jade
A crystalline substance taken from a Primo Geovishap. Within it is contained the potential to become a dragon.\nThese dull crystals are precipitated within the bodies of vishaps sleeping in the mountains. Liyue folklore holds that they will gather power over many years, after which this crystal will, at last, replace their original heart, and the vishap will become a true dragon — one that can shake the mountains and split the earth.

Light Guiding Tetrahedron
A core component obtained via defeating a mysterious ruin machine.\nTo this day, these ancient devices have not forgotten the dreams of their masters or their own duties: to build a thousand palaces, to administrate three thousand machines, to sow ten thousand flowers that shall never bloom again, and to recreate a paradise now buried beneath the desert sands for the sake of all who live in this world.\nThough the lord of the desert no longer lives, and those dreams have long been corrupted by sinful whispers, and though all the magical pillars have been broken and have collapsed, the great beast once favored by the king hides still within the great searing storm.

Lightbearing Scale-Feather
The scaly wings shed by a defeated Radiant Moonfly.\nIn many local folk tales, those who enter the forbidden ground are frequently bewitched by these wings and never seen again. Some say this is because the moon, whose illusory magic these butterfly-shaped monsters have harnessed, is prone to inducing madness, while others take it as a warning of the inconstancy and danger of ancient power...

Lightning Prism
An Electro Hypostasis channels nearby elemental energy to repair damaged elemental entities. Contains the essence of Electro energy.\nAn ordinary prism separates white light into its component colors; a Lightning Prism, however, channels flowing energies and weaves them into lightning. It will continue to do so even after the Electro Hypostasis has been defeated.

Majestic Hooked Beak
An elongated bill that you found after defeating the Jadeplume Terrorshroom.\nResearchers still consider it a miracle even now that some soft Fungi have evolved these rock-hard hooked beaks. This magnificent king amongst Fungi has been leisurely pacing on the finish line of evolution. Now and then, it emits a long call to all the living beings in the rainforest: Even the most helpless and timid creature may one day become the monarch of the woods.

Marionette Core
This core can power the inorganic Maguu Kenki and cause it to wield a blade like a living being.\nFlesh decays, and with it decay all martial arts mastery and all poignant memories.\nPerhaps only by converting one's four limbs and body into sturdy mechanical parts, and by at last sacrificing one's very own heart for a sophisticated mechanical one, can one transcend the impermanence of the fleshly form...

Mark of the Binding Blessing
A horn fragment obtained after defeating the Goldflame Qucusaur Tyrant.\nA strange mark known as the "Flamelord's Blessing" extends out across its surface. Saurians that bear this mark are said to wield an ancient power of terrible potency. Yet given their slighter statures, this power is too great a burden for the Saurians of the present day to bear. As such, it has been the cause of much calamity, and many tragedies have stemmed from the uncontrollable power it has unleashed.

Overripe Flamegranate
A strange Flamegranate obtained after defeating the Gluttonous Yumkasaur Mountain King.\nNormally, Flamegranates that keep growing once they have already ripened simply fall into the mud and rot. But Flamegranates that have fallen from the Mountain King's mane, perhaps owing to the unique internal temperature conditions, exhibit a rarely-seen "Overripe" state. Flamegranates in this state are stable, phlogiston-packed, brightly colored, and possess a rich and highly distinctive flavor.

Perpetual Caliber
A motive device obtained from a mysterious ruin machine.\nThe machine it once powered may have been destroyed, but it continues to rotate all the same.\nThere should be no such thing as an energy source that can sustain itself forever in this world, and most research results obtained in the field of "perpetual motion" have been eventually proved false. Yet, this device is proof that a now-destroyed civilization once reached heights that present-day nations could not hope to match...

Perpetual Heart
The core that powers the autonomous movements of the Perpetual Mechanical Array.\nSome theorize that the symbols on these cores have knowledge and logic inscribed upon them in a language that eyes cannot perceive. Some go a step further and believe that these unique Ruin machines autonomously decided to forsake a biomimetic form to pursue strength of function on account of their especially large cores and complex inscriptions.

Plume of the Fallen Watcher
A fallen feather gathered from a corner of the mortal realm after defeating a Fallen Watcher.\nCompared to the true divine envoys, these feathered watchers bear a closer resemblance to the "angels" of common lore. Perhaps this is because their own creator failed to grasp the divine design of the Winged One above, and can only clumsily imitate the shadow cast by that ideal.

Precision Kuuvahki Stamping Die
A stamping die taken from the wreckage of a defeated Knuckle Duckle — think of it as a keepsake from Aino.\nA philosopher from Sumeru once argued that self-replication is a unique characteristic of life, an unparalleled achievement that no man-made object can mimic. The power to reproduce is the key that separates mankind from the divine.\nHowever, if a machine is given an exact mold that it can use to replicate itself, mold included, then can not this too be considered perpetual self-replication? The former master of the silent, blue-haired maid who stands by Aino's side once pondered that same question but ultimately dismissed it out of fear that a perpetually self-replicating machine would consume everything on the planet's surface.\nSuch problems have never concerned Aino. This machine will not exhaust the world's resources to multiply itself just yet — after all, it's just a duck.

Prismatic Severed Tail
A crystallized tail vertebra left behind by a defeated Radiant Moongecko in its attempt to escape.\nBy all logic, a lizard that has evolved to such formidable strength should no longer face the threat of natural predators. Yet it still retains the instinct to shed its tail in a bid for survival. Perhaps in an age when moonlight blanketed the land, even more terrifying predators once prowled this place.

Pseudo-Stamens
The pale wing-sheathes hiding in a Wenut's tail are as thin as the blooming stamens of a flower.\nIt is said that in the past, even before the beginning of time, they used to travel through the moist land under meadows and forests, similar to birds flying across the sky and fish swimming in the water. It is generally believed that their mimicry of flowers is to lure lost prey caught by sandstorms. There is also a theory, however, that their imitation of a blooming flower was inspired by the splendid blossoms countless epochs ago, which have long gone the way of the desert winds.

Quelled Creeper
The final coalesced form of the Dendro Hypostasis. The tough vines protect a pure cubic elemental crystal.\nDendro defies any common logic yet exists in perfect harmony with life. Elemental Hypostases, on the contrary, are most distant in appearance to all living beings. The combination of these two should probably never have appeared in this world. It is said that such elemental hypostases have the intelligence to "learn" and have thus understood the colors and dreams of the forest, a process that has transformed them into this shape over thousands of years.

Radiant Antler
A fragment of a defeated Frostnight Herra's majestic antlers. Light and razor-sharp, it requires no sharpening to help it slice through metal armor with ease.\nAccording to ancient tales, these beautiful, proud creatures were created by the first emissary. When Elysium fell, they made a pact with the mistress of the Frost Moon, vowing to use the primal light bestowed by the Frost Moon to cleanse the mortal world's defilement until the patron of old could return once more. Today, these legends' origins are long lost, and their veracity is impossible to prove. Yet the creatures that once walked with the light continue to watch over this land from the shadows, through the long frozen nights and withering black tide alike — none of which could cause their forms to vanish from this world.

Remnant of the Dreadwing
A deep-black bone relic taken from the lingering corruption left behind after defeating the Whisperer of Nightmares that came invading from beyond this world.\nThe formless beast that soared through the starless void should never have required organs this world calls "wings." Those grotesque, profane appendages may have arisen to adapt to the laws beneath the moon, or perhaps they are merely the distorted fragment of its true form that mortal eyes are able to witness.

Riftborn Regalia
A broken horn that you obtained from defeating the Wolflord. That said, it should not have left anything behind after your hunt.\nEven a lord among the Riftwolves is nothing before monsters of a higher pedigree.\n"Gold" mass-produced these malformed wolf packs almost as if by accident, like shrunken drawings on discarded sheets of paper, and the horns on this one represent its authority to command its dark brood to dissolve space itself.

Runic Fang
A "fang" with which the mysterious, snakelike machine of old dug into mountains' depths. There are many ominous runes carved on it.\nIt is said that giant serpents lurk in the dark fissures deep beneath the ground. Burning with eternal resentment and malice toward the world above, they throw themselves into digging great tunnels, yet none know what their malicious purposes are...

Secret Source Airflow Accumulator
A special structure removed from a dragon-headed Source Mechanism. It is no longer active.\nIt may once have been designed to allow all manner of objects to escape the bonds of celestial bodies before being trialed in the Source Mechanisms. If everything had gone smoothly, this technology might, in time, have been applied to more important areas...

Severed Tail of the Sky-Roamer
The tail feather of a powerful chimeric monster.\nPerhaps even a created monster ought to seek out its own destiny, lest it be cast into suffering by another's hand. With such thoughts in mind, the one who made these monsters was fond of giving his creations wings. Yet there are many winged creatures in this world, and only a small few ever truly learn to fly. Perhaps that, too, is what they call providence.

Smoldering Pearl
A crystallization of a Pyro Hypostasis that constantly emits heat.\nEven the burning flames shall one day grow cold, and even the ashen firewood can will itself back into a raging blaze. It must then be the will of the world that Pyro Hypostases should constantly cool down and heat up, much like the universe teems with endless life... until the fated darkness shall one day descend and bring it all to naught.

Sparkless Statue Core
A core pulled from the blazing remains of the Lava Dragon Statue. \nIt is said that the entity known as the Lava Dragon Statue is a special existence born from the limitless accumulation of Phlogiston. Originally, it was believed that pure energy would produce a being with human-like intelligence. However, this attempt ultimately failed. Unlike in ancient times, it seems that pure energy can no longer naturally give rise to complex, intelligent, and controllable organisms capable of growth.

Storm Beads
Crackling Electro pearls left behind by the Thunder Manifestation.\nIt is said that Thunder Manifestations will only descend upon lands where powerful hatred dwells. The singers say that it is the unbearable disappointments and sufferings of life that drive them to forever wander the broken earth, unleashing sky-searing lightning as they go.

Talisman of the Enigmatic Land
A talisman that somehow appeared in your inventory after you passed the Wayward Hermetic Spiritspeaker's test.\nIn some records kept by the Masters of the Night-Wind, priests masterful in Spiritspeaking can use meditation to pass their consciousness through the light and shadow that reflects off obsidian, thus reaching the enigmatic underground realm that only the dead may enter. This deed is, however, perilous, and priests who perform it must often wear such talismans to guard their souls from being lost in that mysterious land. However, this talisman's symbolic value far outstrips its real effects. Perhaps the hermit-priest who grants this to a warrior who passes the test only does so as a simple blessing.

Thunderclap Fruitcore
The core of an Electro Regisvine, wrapped in razor-sharp leaves, wantonly emits Electro energy.\nThe roaring energy rampaging deep within the earth is eager to pour out its rage, thus even tainting these unfortunate vines with its mania, causing them to wail and flail their branches frantically. One can hardly tell whether it longs for others to taste the pain of being continuously electrocuted and charred or if it is struggling, looking forward to its inevitable doom.

Unscorched Blossom Branch
A blossom branch taken from a monster created by someone to serve their selfish desires. It won't wither or burn in flame.\nBefore the gloomy alchemist found a way to grant life eternity and put it into practice, he once ran his hand gently over the body of his creation — a monster whose leaves resembled crimson feathers. He imagined the day the undying creature greeting the friend he had awaited for so long from within the flames. And by then... perhaps he should pluck a flower from his creation's body as a gift to mark that friend's escape from the realm of shadows.

Water That Failed To Transcend
The only remnants of Hydro Tulpas after their parts are dispersed.\nThis substance is very similar to the crystals extracted from the bodies of Fontemer Aberrants, but they contain a lot of tiny impurities, like the bubbles in glass crafted by clumsy craftsmen.

