Night Realm's Gift Passives
Night Realm's Gift Passives are passive Talents available for Natlan characters relating to their Nightsoul's Blessing.
There are 11 Talents that match the category selection:
TalentDescription
A Torch That Incinerates Evil VaresaAfter Nightsoul points have been fully depleted, Varesa will switch to using Phlogiston to maintain the Sudden Onrush mode from her Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, Nightsoul Transmission: Varesa can be used. When the current active character is sprinting or in movement modes caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, switching to Varesa will trigger the following: Varesa enters the Nightsoul's Blessing state, switches to Sudden Onrush mode, and obtains 20 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own party.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, Varesa will not take fall DMG when using terrain differences to make leaps.
Blessing of Forge-Fire XilonenAfter her Nightsoul points are fully depleted, Xilonen will switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, she can use Nightsoul Transmission: Xilonen. When the active character is currently sprinting, climbing, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Xilonen: Xilonen will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and gain 20 Nightsoul points. In this situation, Xilonen's Nightsoul points have a 4s time limit, after which her Nightsoul points will immediately expire. After she uses Yohual's Scratch within this time limit, her Nightsoul point time limit will be extended by 9s. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own team.

Additionally, while in Natlan, Xilonen will not consume Stamina when climbing while in the Nightsoul's Blessing state.
Crests and Troughs MualaniAfter her Nightsoul points are depleted, Mualani will switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, she can use Nightsoul Transmission: Mualani. When the active character is currently sprinting, swimming, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Mualani: Mualani will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and gain 40 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own team.

Additionally, Mualani's Nightsoul point or Phlogiston consumption while moving on water and Liquid Phlogiston during Nightsoul's Blessing is decreased by 75% while in Natlan, and her Nightsoul point consumption is decreased by 35% while doing the same outside Natlan.
Everburning Heart ChascaAfter her Nightsoul points are exhausted, Chasca will switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, she can use Nightsoul Transmission: Chasca. When the active character is in the air, the following will occur when switching to Chasca: Chasca will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and gain 32 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own team.
Exhaust Mode MavuikaAfter Nightsoul points have been fully depleted, Mavuika will switch to using Phlogiston to maintain the All-Fire Armaments' Flamestrider form.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, Nightsoul Transmission: Mavuika can be used. When the current active character is sprinting, climbing, swimming, in movement modes caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, switching to Mavuika will trigger the following: Mavuika enters the Nightsoul's Blessing state and obtains 50% of her maximum Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own party.
Flowing Fog, Spritely Shadows OroronWhile in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, he can use Nightsoul Transmission: Ororon. When the active character is currently in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Ororon: Ororon will leap up high. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your party.

Holding Aiming Mode will cause Ororon to enter the "Spiritspeaker" state, which will allow him to interact with "Nightspirit Graffiti" and "Nightspirit Sigils," extracting information and power from them. The rules for interacting with these objects follow the same rules as those governing Iktomisaurus interactions.

Additionally, holding the jump button will cause Ororon to consume 75 Stamina and leap. In areas within Natlan where Phlogiston mechanics are present, Ororon will prioritize consuming 5 Phlogiston to leap to a height higher still.
When in the air, Ororon can Hold his Normal Attack to consume Phlogiston or Stamina and enter Aiming Mode.
Focused Emergency Rescue IfaAfter his Nightsoul points are exhausted, Ifa will switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain his Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, he can use Nightsoul Transmission: Ifa. When the active character is a certain height in the air, the following will occur when switching to Ifa: Ifa will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and gain 32 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own team.
Hard Work and Drive IansanAfter Nightsoul points have been fully depleted and Iansan is on the field, she will switch to using Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, Nightsoul Transmission: Iansan can be used. When the current active character is sprinting or in movement modes caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, switching to Iansan will trigger the following: Iansan enters the Nightsoul's Blessing state and obtains 25 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own party.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, Iansan will not take fall DMG when using terrain differences to make leaps.
Heart of Unity KachinaAfter her Nightsoul points are depleted, Kachina will switch to consuming Phlogiston to maintain her Nightsoul's Blessing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, she can use Nightsoul Transmission: Kachina. When the active character is currently sprinting, climbing, in a movement mode caused by certain Talents, or at a certain height in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Kachina: Kachina will enter the Nightsoul's Blessing state and ride Turbo Twirly when taking the field while gaining 30 Nightsoul points. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own team.

Additionally, while in Natlan, Kachina will consume 90% less Stamina when climbing while riding Turbo Twirly.
Repaid in Full KinichWhen Kinich is in the air following Canopy Hunter: Riding High's mid-air swing, he can consume 10 Phlogiston points to perform another mid-air swing.
While in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, he can use Nightsoul Transmission: Kinich. When the current active character is sprinting, in movement states that result from specific Talents, or in the air, when you switch to Kinich: Kinich will perform one of the following actions depending on the conditions met:
When facing a Coilgrass Sigil that can be interacted with: He will fire a grappling hook towards it to move;
When there are nearby opponents and you are in combat: Kinich will use Canopy Hunter: Riding High in the direction of the opponents;
Otherwise, Kinich will fire a grappling hook and swing, prioritizing valid Coilgrass Sigils as grapple targets.
Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your own party.

When interacting with Coilgrass Sigils and other items that Yumkasaurs can interact with, "Canopy Hunter: Riding High" will be converted to "Yumkasaur Mimesis," which causes interactions with such items to follow rules applicable to Yumkasaurs, and which will not put Canopy Hunter: Riding High on CD.
Smoke, Mirrors, and the Flowing Winds CitlaliWhile in an area with Phlogiston Mechanics within Natlan, can use Nightsoul Transmission: Citlali. When the active character is currently high enough in the air, the following will trigger when switching to Citlali: Citlali will leap up high, and will deploy "White Obsidian Tzitzimitl: Citlalin" to float in the air. Nightsoul Transmission can be triggered once every 10s by your party.

Holding Aiming Mode will cause Citlali to enter the "Spiritspeaker" state, which will allow her to interact with "Nightspirit Graffiti" and "Nightspirit Sigils," extracting information and power from them. The rules for interacting with these objects follow the same rules as those governing Iktomisaurus interactions.

Additionally, holding the jump button will cause Citlali to consume 75 Stamina and leap. In areas within Natlan where Phlogiston mechanics are present, Citlali will prioritize consuming 5 Phlogiston to leap to a height higher still.

When in the air, Citlali can Hold her Normal Attack to consume Phlogiston or Stamina and enter Aiming Mode and trigger Charged Attacks. When initiating Charged Attacks in mid-air, Citlali will prioritize consuming 20 Phlogiston.
Moonsign Benediction Passives
Main article: Moonsign Benediction Passive
There are 10 Talents that match the category selection:
TalentDescription
Assemblage Hub IneffaWhen a party member triggers the Electro-Charged reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Charged reaction, with every 100 ATK that Ineffa has increasing Lunar-Charged's Base DMG by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 14%.

Additionally, when Ineffa is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Dusklit Eaves NeferWhen a party member triggers a Bloom reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Bloom reaction, with every point of Elemental Mastery that Nefer has increasing Lunar-Bloom's Base DMG by 0.0175%, up to a maximum of 14%.

Additionally, when Nefer is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Force Limit Analysis AinoWhen Aino is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Habitat Survey LinneaWhen a party member triggers a Hydro Crystallize reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Crystallize reaction, with every 100 DEF that Linnea has increasing Lunar-Crystallize's Base DMG by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 14%.

Additionally, when Linnea is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Moonlight, Lent Unto You ColumbinaWhen a party member triggers an Electro-Charged, Bloom, or Hydro-Crystallize reaction, it will be converted into a Lunar-Charged, Lunar-Bloom, or Lunar-Crystallize reaction respectively. Lunar Reaction DMG inflicted by party members gain a Base DMG increase based on Columbina's Max HP. For every 1,000 points of Max HP, the Base DMG of Lunar reactions is increased by 0.2%, up to a maximum of 7%.

Additionally, when Columbina is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Nature's Chorus LaumaWhen a Bloom reaction is triggered by a party member, it will be converted into the Lunar-Bloom reaction, with every point of Elemental Mastery that Lauma has increasing Lunar-Bloom's Base DMG by 0.0175%, up to a maximum of 14%.

Additionally, when Lauma is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Old World Secrets FlinsWhen a party member triggers an Electro-Charged reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Charged reaction, with every 100 ATK that Flins has increasing Lunar-Charged's Base DMG by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 14%.

Additionally, when Flins is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Rooftop Dash JahodaWhen Jahoda is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
The Coursing Sun and Moon ZibaiWhen a party member triggers a Hydro Crystallize reaction, it will be converted into the Lunar-Crystallize reaction, with every 100 DEF that Zibai has increasing Lunar-Crystallize's Base DMG by 0.7%, up to a maximum of 14%.

Additionally, when Zibai is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Unwithering in Winter IllugaWhen Illuga is in the party, the party's Moonsign will increase by 1 level.
Witch's Eve Rite Passives
Main article: Witch's Eve Rite Passive
There are 12 Talents that match the category selection:
TalentDescription
Book of Blinding Light AlbedoAfter completing Witch's Homework: Beyond the Lesson, Albedo will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
When Albedo hits an opponent with his Elemental Skill within 20s of using an Elemental Skill, it will generate Silver Isotomas near the opponent that last for 10s. When there are no Solar Isotomas created by Albedo on the field, and as long as Albedo is not downed, a single Silver Isotoma will begin generating Transient Blossoms, just as Solar Isotomas would. There can be up to two Silver Isotomas generated by Albedo on the field at any one time.
After creating a Solar Isotoma, nearby party members' Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Plunging Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst DMG are increased by 4% for every 1,000 DEF Albedo has for 20s. The maximum increase that can be achieved this way is 12%.
After generating a Silver Isotoma, nearby Hexerei party members' Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Plunging Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst DMG are increased by 10% for every 1,000 DEF Albedo has for 20s. The maximum increase that can be achieved this way is 30%.

Dawn's Return VarkaAfter completing Witch's Homework: The Untitled Question, Varka will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
Enhances the special Elemental Skill Four Winds' Ascension: When Varka hits an opponent with Normal Attack(s) in Sturm und Drang, the CD of Four Winds' Ascension will be reduced by 1s.
Genesis of Starsigns MonaAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of Untested Insight, Mona will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
When Mona's Normal Attacks or Charged Attacks hit an opponent, she gains 1 stack of Astral Glow of Mercury, for 8s. Max 3 stacks. This effect can grant at most one stack every 0.1s. When other party members trigger a Vaporize reaction on an enemy, all Astral Glow of Mercury stacks are consumed. Each stack consumed increases the damage of that Vaporize reaction by 5%.
Additionally, when Mona's Normal Attacks or Charged Attacks hit an opponent, the enemy's Omen duration is extended by 2s. This effect can trigger at most once every 0.5s, and can extend the Omen by up to 8s through this method.
Light in the Darkness NicoleAfter completing Witch's Homework: The Role of a Guide...?, Nicole becomes a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
Increases the DMG dealt by Hexerei characters' Arcane Projections by 300% of Nicole's ATK.
Ode to Ascension DurinAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of This World, Durin will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
Increases all effects of the Ascension Talent Light Manifest of the Divine Calculus (except for Duration) by 75%.
Phantasmal Nocturne FischlAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of the Unexpected, Fischl will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
Hark, Prince Nachtraben, Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, he who has witnessed the fall of countless worlds. Sing now the starry septet for your sovereign, for this is the moment of deepest sin, when the gathered souls at the end of causality shatter the darkness of fate.
Additionally, when Oz is on the field, party members will gain additional buff effects:
After a nearby party member triggers an Overloaded reaction, Fischl and other nearby active party members have their ATK increased by 22.5% for 10s.
After a nearby party member triggers an Electro-Charged or Lunar-Charged reaction, Fischl and other nearby active party members have their Elemental Mastery increased by 90 for 10s.

Sevenfold Transmutation SucroseAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of Wonderland Flowers, Sucrose will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
After creating a Small Wind Spirit, nearby party members' Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Plunging Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst DMG are increased by 5.71428% for 15s.
After creating a Large Wind Spirit, nearby Hexerei party members' Normal Attack, Charged Attack, Plunging Attack, Elemental Skill, and Elemental Burst DMG are increased by 7.14285% for 20s.

Sparkborne Magic KleeAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of Leaves That Spark, Klee will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
When Klee deals DMG with Normal Attacks, Elemental Skills, or Elemental Bursts, she gains 1 Boom Badge, lasting 20s. Each type of attack can grant at most 1 Boom Badge this way, and each badge has its own independent timer. While Klee has 1/2/3 Boom Badges, her special Charged Attack Boom-Boom Strike deals 115%/130%/150% of its original DMG.
Surge of Lightning RazorAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of the Little Wolf Pack, Razor will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.
Additionally, Razor's Elemental Burst Lightning Fang is enhanced: The Wolf Within's DMG dealt is increased by 70% of Razor's ATK.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
While the Wolf Within summoned by Razor's Elemental Burst Lightning Fang is active, if the Electro Sigils from Razor's Elemental Skill Claw and Thunder overflow, the Wolf Within will call down a lightning strike on nearby enemies, dealing AoE Electro DMG equal to 150% of Razor's ATK and restoring 7 Energy to Razor. This effect can be triggered once every 1s.
Temporal Wind's Eulogy VentiAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of the Waking of Wind, Venti will become a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you will gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
While the Stormeye created by the Elemental Burst Wind's Grand Ode is active, for 4s after a nearby active character triggers a Swirl reaction, that character's DMG is increased by 50%, and Venti's Stormeye deals 135% of its original DMG.
Unhealing Thorn LohenAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of Various Foes, Lohen becomes a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
When the special Elemental Skill Etched Into Bone and Soul hits an opponent or the Elemental Burst Manifest Judgment is unleashed, if Lohen's Will to Win is at 50% or more of its max limit, his Normal Attack and Charged Attack DMG will be increased by 40% for 6s.
Witchseeker's Vow PruneAfter completing Witch's Homework: Of What Is Contested, Prune becomes a Hexerei character. When the party includes at least 2 Hexerei characters, you gain the Hexerei: Secret Rite effect, which enhances Hexerei characters.

Hexerei: Secret Rite
After a Hexerei character in the party affected by the Tolling Rally effect triggers an Elemental Reaction on an opponent, Prune's ATK is increased by 60% for 5s. If the Elemental Reaction triggered is a Swirl Reaction, the triggering character's ATK will additionally be increased by 30% for 5s.